fastapi_template\.: .env.example
fastapi_template\.: Dockerfile
fastapi_template\.: README.md
fastapi_template\.: docker-compose.yml
fastapi_template\.: py_project_tree.txt
fastapi_template\.: requirements.txt
fastapi_template\alembic: env.py
fastapi_template\alembic\versions: 010b6259916c_initial.py
fastapi_template\app: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app: main.py
fastapi_template\app\api: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\api: dependencies.py
fastapi_template\app\api\routes: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\api\routes: auth.py
fastapi_template\app\api\routes: items.py
fastapi_template\app\api\routes: users.py
fastapi_template\app\common: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\common\auth: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\common\auth: jwt.py
fastapi_template\app\common\auth: password.py
fastapi_template\app\common\cache: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\common\cache: redis_client.py
fastapi_template\app\common\config: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\common\config: settings.py
fastapi_template\app\common\database: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\common\database: base.py
fastapi_template\app\common\database: session.py
fastapi_template\app\common\exceptions: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\common\exceptions: base.py
fastapi_template\app\common\exceptions: handlers.py
fastapi_template\app\common\middleware: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\common\middleware: logging_middleware.py
fastapi_template\app\common\middleware: rate_limiter.py
fastapi_template\app\common\monitoring: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\common\monitoring: health_check.py
fastapi_template\app\common\schemas: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\common\schemas: base_schema.py
fastapi_template\app\common\security: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\common\security: encryption.py
fastapi_template\app\common\utils: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\common\utils: datetime.py
fastapi_template\app\common\utils: pagination.py
fastapi_template\app\common\validators: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\db\models: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\db\models: item.py
fastapi_template\app\db\models: user.py
fastapi_template\app\db\schemas: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\db\schemas: item.py
fastapi_template\app\db\schemas: token.py
fastapi_template\app\db\schemas: user.py
fastapi_template\app\services: __init__.py
fastapi_template\app\services: item_service.py
fastapi_template\app\services: user_service.py
fastapi_template\app\tests: test_users.py
fastapi_template\docs: architecture.md
fastapi_template\docs: common_modules.md
fastapi_template\docs: database.md
fastapi_template\docs: development_plan.md
fastapi_template\docs\database: 01-db-setup.md
fastapi_template\docs\database: 02-models.md
fastapi_template\docs\database: 03-migrations.md
fastapi_template\docs\database: 04-schemas.md
fastapi_template\docs\database: 05-services.md
fastapi_template\docs\database: 06-docker.md
fastapi_template\tests: test_common_modules.py
